# CS-370-Current-and-Emerging-Trends-in-CS

For the main project in this course, we were tasked with teaching a machine learning agent how to find a treasure in a treasure hunt game.  We were given much of the source code which included the classes for the game experience and the maze.  We were also given the code to establish the neural network, which had two intermediate layers using the PReLU() algorithm to adjust weights and biases.

Our exploration factor (epsilon) was also established, but it was up to us to determine the correct starting and decay values.  I found that exploring more in the beginning was beneficial, as the agent did not have any knowledge of the environment and needed to build the q-table through trial and error.  As the agent began to develop the table, exploitation proved to be progressively more valuable as it would allow the agent to make mistakes later on in the process, progressively building on its knowledge.  The trick was to find the correct balance.

The main part of this assignment that we were responsible for was to complete the qtrain class, which was the training model for the agent.  This involved establishing the environment, creating the rules for the agent, deciding whether to explore or exploit, and continuously updating the model until the desired success rate was achieved.

I really enjoyed this project and this course as a whole because it gave me a much better understanding of what AI and machine learning really are.  These technologies are used all over today, and the terminology is constantly being thrown around, but until taking this course, I only had a general understanding of what it all really meant.  While I still have a ways to go to fully grasp the inner workings of these technologies, I have a much firmer grasp of the overall concepts than I did eight weeks ago, and I plan to build on this understanding in the future.  In fact, as an advanced manufacturing engineer, I am constantly working with tools that have machine learning and AI, so this new understanding is already applicable to my day-to-day.

I also learned a great deal about the ethical concerns and considerations that must take place when using this technology.  It is human nature to take the path of least resistance, and when you have tools like this, it becomes very easy to let them do all of the work and put your mind on autopilot.  However, the biggest takeaway that I had from this course was that no matter how smart this technology gets, it is still man-made and subject to errors and bias.  Because of this, the most important thing we can do is to understand this and realize that we, as humans, are ultimately responsible for our decisions.  It is ok to use the outputs of these technologies in our decision-making process, but ultimately, it is up to us, and we cannot rely on the machines and technology to make our decisions for us. 
